[Core Commands] remove set owner and set token (#2928)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: changelog.d/2928.removal.rst

> The ``set owner`` and ``set token`` commands have been removed in favor of managing server side. 

Reviewer: Since we can call Discord's guild "servers" too, I found this changelog entry a little confusing when I first read it. Perhaps you could change it to "in favor of managing it through command line"? 
Edit: I guess this might not make sense currently that we can't actually do it through command line, so I don't know actually, maybe you should ignore my suggested change, though the current sentence is still a little confusing in my opinion 😄
```suggestion
The ``set owner`` and ``set token`` commands have been removed in favor of managing it through command line. 
```

Author: I'm electing to leave it as-is for now. It is technically possible to change later if needed, but this is clear enough for this particular case.
